                                       FAQ
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Q. I've setup all the dir and the predir, now when i type !dirlist it puts the 
   pre dir path infront of what ever i type...so you can't search any dir except 
   the pre dir.
A. You do !dirlist sitename SECTION and _NOT_ !dirlist sitename DIRECTORY
   !dirlist site /Wii <- WONT WORK
   !setdir site WII /Wii
   !dirlist site WII <- WORKS. 
   This is the sense of bookmarks, you dont need to remember the actual path.
   
 
Q. How do I upgrade it to the latest revision?
A. Create a backup of your configuration files.
   Overwrite the binaries, then read the CHANGELOG carefully and merge the 
   mentioned changes in configuration file(s).

   
Q. I get "couldnt init TCP library!" error on my linux shell!
A. Your shell's /etc/host file is probably misconfigured, and the hostname
   cannot be resolved. Make sure the name what `hostname` reports is added
   to this file.
   
   
Q. How can I run the bot in background on linux?
A. Use screen. CTRL+A D


Q. Does slftp support chains?
A. No and yes. Chaining is old deprecated way of race tools. slFtp works 
   differently, read CHAINS document.
      

Q. Scrolling with PAGE UP/DN does not work on my SecureCRT+linux combo!
A. Setup securecrt to use escape codes (ESC[n~) or use putty.


Q. I want to filter stuffs not english, french or german, how do I do that?
A. For NON mp3 sections, you can add a rule like this:
   !ruleadd sitename section if foreign && not language in french, german then DROP
   For MP3 sections you need to use the mp3language condition, which works
   a bit differently:
   !ruleadd sitename mp3 if not mp3language in en, fr, de then DROP

   
Q. How can I stop all the transfers?!
A. Use !setdown !all!
   This will mark all the sites as down and make the queue empty.
   (You will need to use !bnctest when you want to use slftp again)

   
Q. Does slftp support regexpes in precatcher/skiplist/etc. configs?
A. No. Simple masks are supported only. Quote from Delphi help:
   A valid mask consists of literal characters, sets, and wildcards.
   Each literal character must match a single character in the string. 
   The comparison to literal characters is case-insensitive.
   Each set begins with an opening bracket ([) and ends with a closing bracket (]). 
   Between the brackets are the elements of the set. 
   Each element is a literal character or a range. 
   Ranges are specified by an initial value, a dash (-), and a final value. 
   Do not use spaces or commas to separate the elements of the set. 
   A set must match a single character in the string. 
   The character matches the set if it is the same as one of the literal 
   characters in the set, or if it is in one of the ranges in the set. 
   A character is in a range if it matches the initial value, the final value, 
   or falls between the two values. All comparisons are case-insensitive. 
   If the first character after the opening bracket of a set is an 
   exclamation point (!), then the set matches any character that is 
   not in the set.
   Wildcards are asterisks (*) or question marks (?). 
   An asterisk matches any number of characters. 
   A question mark matches a single arbitrary character.

   
Q. How do I change password of a site without deleting/readding it?
A. Read !help tweak


Q. How do I flush the queue?
A. !setdown !all!
