                                TVMaze SUPPORT
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Since some sites separate TV (PDTV, HDTV, DSR, etc.), TVDVDRIP, TVDVDR, TV-x264
stuffs, at first you probably want to setup the mapping masks in slftp.precatcher,
a few example are included.
This way, if a site does not allow DVDRIP's in TV, then you simple dont set a dir
for TVDVDRIP section. If a site allows them and has no separated dir, then you can
set same directory as for TV.
This way you dont need to add rules based on the source tag, BUT adding rules to
all the TV sections (read below, rules from #3).

If you dont want to deal with this, since you have no such sites described above,
simple delete the mappings. This way, you want to use the tags condition to filter
what source a site allows. For eg., if a site allows Single Density HDTV stuffs 
only:
1. since High Density stuffs have HDTV tag as well, we drop them first:
!ruleadd sitename tv if tag in x264, 720p, 1080p then DROP
2. now we drop everything which is does not contain HDTV tag (so it is PDTV or 
DSR or other shit):
!ruleadd sitename tv if not tag = HDTV then DROP
3. you probably want to drop every rip which has some foreign language tag in it
(for example GERMAN, check slftp.languages):
!ruleadd sitename tv if foreign then DROP
OR, if you want to drop non english and non german and non italian stuffs:
!ruleadd sitename tv if foreign && not language in GERMAN, ITALIAN then DROP
4. and now we accept everything:
!ruleadd sitename tv if default then ALLOW

If a site allows some specific shows only, for eg 24, Lost and Prison Break, you can
use this rule instead of #4 above:
!ruleadd sitename tv if tvshowname in 24, Lost, Prison Break then ALLOW


About TVMaze:
For each TV release the following the corresponding TVMaze page will be parsed.
For example for the crappy Prison Break show, the next one:
http://api.tvmaze.com/shows/541?embed[]=nextepisode&embed[]=previousepisode
Extracted fields are Premiered, Country, Classification (as tvscripted), Genres,
Network, and Runtime.
You will probably need the tvscripted condition only.

Special note, if you want to trust the tvmaze query, you have to add a rule like 
this before using other tv conditions:
!ruleadd sitename tv if tvpremieryear = 0 then DROP
This line will drop stuffs since the point tvmaze lookup is ready.

After this, you can safely use the other tvmaze conditions.
For a useless example, you can use a rule like this:
!ruleadd sitename tv if tvgenre =~ *Action* then ALLOW

For sites, which allow everything except docus, you probably want a rule like this
instead of a "default" rule at the end of the ruleset:
!ruleadd sitename tv if tvscripted then ALLOW
